Update 3-Adding-hosts.md (#174)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/2-Deployment/3-Adding-hosts.md

## Kolide osquery Launcher

> Kolide has provide compiled releases of their launcher for all supported platforms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kolide provides compiled releases of their launcher for all supported platforms. 
```
